now noir coming up towards the gates
Ravens corner stood account filled with
new Arab no no the Wizards strongly
inside or Ravens corner
Korea's up almost gets down saves itself
samo Arabs coming forward just waiting
on Ravens corner to come up mine thought
has come off
Ravens corner as they try and edge it up
towards the gates he's not too far away
the rest standing there nicely only a
small theater 7th
so almost said to go waving this corner
there's three parts in Ramos set they're
ready now gates are back and they're
racing in the Devourer we stakes in a
way quickly as Marrero who fired away
very sharply alters kicking through on
the inside my catch goes up on the other
fella by comic s then came Rev in this
corner they will follow the by nowhere
and Reynaldo the wizard being a hard
written back at the towers are about to
come off the back straight they go
inside the final 150 now as they turn
down side and yota held the front from
the where of my catch going up three
wide there for links to the good of next
to go comic as Ravens corner on the
outside nowhere is well back and they
were followed by Ronaldo the wizard 2386
for the first 400 as they count for the
final five top of the strike eel who is
the leader Burton aware of travels very
well in the middle my ketchup on the
outside income accounts being a hard
written for an elder the wizard back to
the inside picking up brown Ravens
corner out wider and Noir was back at
the tail it's more
my catch goes with it down the outside
coma Kasimir now there was a begins to
pick up crowd my catch the outside the
love is living Mama Cass coming up up
there on the outside whatever the wizard
goes back to the fence though Eric the
leader but joined by comma casts over on
the outside and got my cast goes have a
strong winner Tomac has taken the Diwali
States from beware of running on a
hardware now that the wizard snatches
food just ahead of my catch followed by
Elder they were followed in external by
Ravens corner and the last to come
across the line was nowhere could rice
very good rights become a guess has
enjoyed the the hot tempo and worn away
at the other lead established by mu Arab
who was very game tackled and headed by
my catch he repelled that challenge but
he couldn't hold out comic s and Ronaldo
the wizard it was hard written the
twelve-year-old to stay with him in the
early stages has really really dug deep
in the home straight and look still cut
off the third we stand by for all
numbers after the devour we stakes
become a cast
Charlie Appleby and William Buick will
take it out very good effort turning the
tables on them aware of from last time